Legend 1: 
S = Stakeholder
J = Me
(NZ second hand shopper)
Rough Transcript 1:
S - what do you want to know about how I shop?
J - Ideally how much you usually buy at once, how much you spend, and the usual variety of clothing. Starting with variety; Do you usually find a good spread of things you're looking for?
S - I find things that look good, and would be comfy if they were in my size.
J - So if there was a wider variety, you would be more able to find something in your size and taste
S - Yes. I usually find things that are in my taste but not my size. But it might be important to note that I am usually looking for masculine fashion to fit on a feminine body, and that is a much more difficult proposition for people who are usually clothes shopping, and not what they're usually doing. So I might not be a good source.
S - You said how much I buy at once. Casually shopping I'll buy about 2-5 pieces. But also, that depends on the price and if I can find a good variety. If I get something more expensive I usually won't buy as many other things, and the limit on how much I buy is usually what I can find that is good.
S - And you said how much I spend. At the places I go to, each item is usually $2-10, and I usually don't spend more than 20 or maybe 30.
S - Speaking of how much I buy at once, do you also want to know how much people go to the OP shop
J - Yes that would be helpful
S - So, I tend to go once every couple of months. I would go more often if there were more op shops closer to me, and closer to my normal daily routine.
J - If there was something that made the process of op shops able to work faster, and allow them to be in more places, that would make you more likely to buy at op shops?
S - Yeah.
J - Also, when you are op shopping, do you tend to look for clothing by size, appearance or some other metric?
S - I normally shop based on whatever the layout is. I'll go around in an order. Like, Dove op shop sorts by gender then top or bottom, so woman's shirts, woman's pants, men's shirts, etc. Then things like accessories and shoes are in different sections. I generally find it's most helpful if they sort by item of clothing, so shirts, shorts, long pants, dresses and so on. However, as I said before, other people might find sorting by gender more helpful than I do because whether it's men's or women's isn't really helpful to me. Ideally it would be nice if they were sorted by size, so that if I find something that fits, I can look in the same area and find more things that are likely to fit. However, that would be difficult, because unless every customer puts it back exactly where they found it, it's hard to keep it in that layout. So some way of tracking measuring and sizing would be helpful.
J - So if there was some way to have a better way to see the sizing/measurements of clothing, it would help you find more of what you're looking for?
S - Yes, I would love that!
J - Is there anything you think I've missed, should know, or could have asked?
S - I think a general question of "What would make op shopping easier for you", or "What would make you likely to op shop more (Either in terms of frequency, number of items or price)", or a question of "What would make you more likely to op shop instead of buying new." To make op shopping easier, the three main things would be if they were physically closer, or if there was some way to do it online/check stock before going in, or if there was a better way to tell the measurements of different pieces before trying them on. In terms of what would make me likely to op shop more, it's pretty much the same answers, or if I had more time, but that's not really something you can fix. As for the third one, I already like to op shop when I can, though I tend to buy new instead of op shopping when I have something specific in mind, like nice fancy clothes that I think an op shop is unlikely to have. If there was a bigger variety, and I could expect to successfully op shop for things more often, I would probably do it more instead of buying new.
J - Thank you for your answers, they have been very helpful. 



Legend 2: 
K - Stakeholder
J - Me
(Australian second hand shopper)
Rough Transcript 2:
J - Starting with how much you usually buy at once. 
K - Are we talking about amount of money, or amount of clothing?
J - Amount of clothing.
K - Enough to fit a small backpack.
J - What do you usually find in terms of variety, e.g. do you find things that fit your tastes and such
K - Yes, I do, I also usually don't mind the tag sizing, as it's usually incorrect.
J - If there were something that makes finding the correct size more accurate, would that be helpful?
K - Yes, as usually at op shops you find shoes and clothing from designers around the world, and sizing can vary quite widely. For example, a 12 in Australia and a 12 in the USA is very different.
J - How much does what you buy usually cost all together?
K - 20 bucks to 200 dollars.
J - Does that wide variance come from a lack of variety that suits you?
K - Usually when I go op shopping, I don't have anything in mind. Like, when I'm shopping, I might find a jumper or some shoes for 20 bucks, but sometimes there's some better designer clothing that bumps up the cost to around $200. For example, I found some trainers from [Insert Kate text here] that cost 200 bucks, which would usually cost $500 new.
J - If there were 5-6 bits of data which would be easier to see, would that make shopping easier? e.g. hip, bust, waist, calf, etc., and what would be the most helpful data points?
K - Yes, especially for shoes, it'd be good to be able to know a shoes measurement for width of shoe and calf measurement. For anything kinda the hips down, anything like a waist measurement a length and thigh diameter. And for anything top wise, shoulder, bust, waist, sleeve length, depth of neckline. Also, I'm not one to buy hats, but I assume something like head circumference. And I think as well, something like a video explanation on how to measure clothing on yourself. 
J - And you mentioned brand, correct?
K - Yes, brand would help me know how much I should pay for it, and so would material. I found a really nice jumper that was $15 and made of Italian wool yarn, so its new cost would actually probably be much more expensive.
J - Do people sometimes over and undercharge.
K - Yes, more undercharge which I think comes down to the experience of the person in the shop. When a piece of clothing has a well known label, they'll always put the price up. If you go somewhere rural, they might not notice.
J - Is there anything you think I should know, or any questions I should have asked during this interview?
K - One thing I notice some op shops sometimes do and is incredibly helpful is colour-coding. For example, some put the whites and creams in one section, then the greens in another, and so on.
J - Thank you very much for your time, these answers will be very helpful.


(Questions to add to questionnaire: Do you know your hip/bust/waist, and would you find them if it made searching for 2nd hand clothing easier?)