General layout of sorting space?
Big shed at the back which is about a 6 car garage size. It's got a big table, much bigger than a desk, probably got about about 2 cars of space. We have 3 heavy duty rails on rollers and 2 fixed rails.

How many garments do you get through in a hour?
Well it's just picking them out of a bag and putting them on a hanger, so quite a lot in an hour. I think the people that sort them do 3 mornings a week, and  they're usually pretty happy.

Roughly how many garments do you get donated?
A heap, an absolute heap. We would probably get, and I say this from not being there at a time where a lot of clothing come in, 4 bin liners of bags coming in the afternoon, so probably about 15 items of clothing per afternoon.

How many sorters are there?
Very difficult question as there is paid staff, like the manageress, then there's the stock person who works 3 days a week (Tues Wed Thurs), the store is open 6 days a week and there's also a paid manager on Saturdays who's super busy and not usually helping with sorting. The manageress usually sorts through the rails before they go out to check for quality such as designer and damages. Any womans top is $5, and pants are $6, etc. The designer stuff is priced accordingly, usually priced somewhere between $20-40. If you were doing that on the web, it would only really be worth doing the high-end stuff. I discussed it with the manageress, the reason they don't sell online is because it takes far too long to measure clothing and answer stupid questions.

If there were something that helped with measuring, would that help with selling on the web?
Yes and no. I think it'd help a lot, but there's still an issue with measuring, so you'd need some sort of chatbot to answer the stupid questions that come in from people who didn't read the specifications. (GOOD THOUGHT, LOOK INTO THIS MORE)

What kind of training is there?
Normally if you get a volunteer in, depends on their age we get a lot of volunteers who are older than me. It depends on the particular volunteer as to what they're interested in and what they will do. We each sort of have a section, but from a clothes sort of view, it's just about if you have a general idea of what's designer and what's quality. If you're new, the manageress will look over your rack more and let you know if you've made any mistakes such as what's better quality, and what stains or damages there are.

Do you have problems with under/overpricing?
No, cuz we keep it cheap and keep it rolling over. There is quite a debate in the op shop world about overpricing, but it's a definite strategy for us that we keep it cheap. For example you could get a reasonable quality farmers top for $6 as it goes in the general stuff. Same for hand bags and shoes as well

What are the most common mistakes made during sorting?
Missing holes and stains.


If there were three bits of information that you could provide customers about the product to help them find clothing they're looking, what would they be?
I would want the brand, the size and the measurements (underarm and length). But I guess other people might want hips as a very basic.

Is there anything you think I've missed asking you or other notes?
I was looking at the questionnaire, and you asked about a particular budget for shoppers. We see a lot of people in regularly, as you never know what's going to come in. I have a list of things in my head such as brands or material that I would like, which I think it's similar to those regulars. If you were gonna do it online, it'd be best to have a "Just in" section. We also get people in who we know are selling the clothing on to consignment stores. I'm figuring... the measurements are something we don't do because it just takes too much time. Cuz by the time we've measured it, put it online and gone back and forth with questions, it's not worth it, it's too much work. You'd need a specific volunteer to look over that.

Process described: Clothes come in, and come in various such as washed neatly folded and in small carrier bags. Sometimes they come in no bag and are stained and horrid. Most of the time they're in a black bin liner, generally folded and clean, possibly in need of a wash. We get a lot, so, there are 4 people that their sole, every time the come in, they hang up and sort through the clothes. Each volunteer usually has their own area of specialty, and there are a few like me that can drop into another area if needed. But the clothes are by far the biggest donation, and we have a baby's cot, and when all the donations are sorted in, all the clothes go into that cot. Then, the ladies that do it open the bags, and them up and go through them. In order to turn things around, every month we use a different coloured clothes hanger, and no clothes stay for longer than 3 months. Every month someone goes through the clothes and checks the hangers, then the clothes that have been longer than 3 months take their next step. We have 3 big water-container like boxes and we put the clothes in there, and people can fill a bag for $5 from those containers. Anything that's been in those containers or things that are too heavily damaged, soiled or stained sadly need to be binned. We also have a rack for the better, designer stuff and we use a different coathanger for those. The only other thing I would say is that normally, when you get a bag, everything in that bag is usually the same size, so we tend to try sort through one bag at a time so that everything is roughly sorted by size. Some op shops do it differently and sort by colour.

They do port some designer items to a different place.

They do occasionally do big sales (like $2 every item except marked, or 50% off or what have you)

Recommended to look at consignment stores or facebook for op shops. 

NEEDS TO BE SUPER USER FRIENDLY